That's right, that Zhao Wudi
As you are crowned Supreme
Zhao Wudi also claims to be invincible supreme
The original clown
It is the first step of the Zhao family
Then wait for him to come.
Just use him to prove my Wu Shuangjun's prestige
Clear
I asked you to help find a cure for my mother
Found the supreme
I have visited the doctor
The doctor said that as long as there is a thousand years of ginseng
Can help us treat
Millennium ginseng
Although the world is rare
But even if you travel all over the world
You must find the Supreme
Today on the top floor of this Zheng Cheng Hotel
There is an auction
There is millennial ginseng in it
What are you waiting for?
Before Yan Wuwei starts
Gotta take a picture of him